so John excited to get back get back to
football excited to get back out here
just try to get better mehsud equals
your names come up a lot as leader on
this team in defense and probably people
saying the best safety in the country
next year look at that stuff you hear
that stuff I'm just trying to come by
every day at spring back this and slid
by what our team motto is class hard
finish and win the day and just try to
get better and help with team in
whatever way I can can you assess and
who might be playing next to you in the
phone oh well there's a lot of different
guys it could be she was like watching a
guy so could be able to provide Jackson
pretty high regard dixieland could be
James scales there's a lot of different
guys that compete the spot so they
brought in display book should i come
out
do you figure you'll stick it free any
rope I'm just made because possibility i
just want to do whatever I can to help
team win whatever is best between them
and coach will do that what was the
offseason like every rose bowl champion
it was that carry yourself a little bit
different you or thusi as about coming
this year yeah I said it's just nice to
get a win at the end it's even so you
don't have that sour taste in your mouth
the whole offseason but when it comes
down to it spring ball you got to come
out of your day with a chip on the
shoulder and just try to get better
every single day so you can open this is
gonna be like with the the defense
probably carrying the bulk of the
leadership role early on at least is
that changed things for no not at all
anybody's a leader on the team what they
all the
I put in by example and she said please
gotta have one goal in mind estulin one
week one encouraged by this defense was
opposed to last year yeah I think Debbie
our defense continues to get better I'll
coach do a great job of coaching us and
putting a good story with us keys and
the you our players getting better let
herself
never there because the cello he's going
to laugh there till sat back and watched
particularly chill I wasn't watching
which I really I was kind of doing other
things so I wasn't watching it maybe
tomorrow keep an eye on hey don't I
always played quite a lot of things go
go go even good to go this one yeah body
feels good just try to help my team
wherever I can the first practice of
Arik Armstead today you get to see what
he was doing much obviously doing this I
tried to keep my eye on him a little bit
because I played against his brother in
high school and his brother was pretty
good supposedly good good player and
seems like a good kid so hopefully we
can do some good things watch this
spring and maybe get shot to play next
year what is your relationship with his
brother I know Lulu I played against
some in playoffs with beautiful he was
pretty dang good does pleasant grove for
the shield soldier but yeah I talked to
him I know
when L came on a recruiting trip sir it
seemed that the big brother's name
you guys
I think our defense can be as good as
it's been we just got to come out every
day and just try to get a little bit
better and I just focus on what the
coaches telephone let's play every day
like it's our last try to get better
each and every day